L finally some peace and
quiet is it so much to ask for just 5
minutes the problem is everyone knows
where my office is if only there was
somewhere I could hide wait the stairs
it's perfect with origin PC's
sponsorship I can finally take this
unused space under the stairs and turn
it into my own little private gaming
Hideaway all I need is one of their sick
pre-built PCS nice monitor some mood
lighting and I'm never going to want to
leave all we need to do is tear down
this
wall oh I think I found one of the
studs that's good we're going to need
those
[Music]
wow that looks totally normal which is
the point if I didn't know that there
was supposed to be an Al Cove here I
would have no idea
whatsoever man they nailed matching the
Finish oh I see it they painted the
whole wall no they didn't what
well this is
great I
mean if you're really
clever you could probably figure it out
but most people aren't and my boss isn't
don't tell him I said that if I didn't
know that you know this trim piece is
probably supposed to be painted and this
corner didn't used to have a chamfer on
it I would think this was the exact same
kitchenette that was here before but
it's not not dude we probably moved this
out like a solid foot didn't we yeah at
least let's see if it worked who hello
wow spacious we got more like an extra
two feet in here but it's not exactly
cozy or gamy yet so I'm going to need
some amenities if I'm going to hide out
and game for a few hours first up is
storage I'll need some shelves to take
advantage of all the new found vertical
space dude
I could probably even stand in here I'll
be able to Stow things like controller
snacks maybe some game consoles we also
want to put a nice chest of drawers
where do we want the chest of drawers so
we're think to put the chest of drawers
actually in the back and it'll be like a
triangular chest of drawers so it'll be
slidy ones that kind of pull out right
brilliant cuz otherwise the space is
just feels wasted like there's it's so
low down there speaking of space we
don't want to waste any with our display
So the plan is to try to mount it as
flush to the drywall as possible so
we're going to need to cut that out and
then mount it directly to the studs
behind it where's our computer from
origin PC going who sponsored this video
it's either going to go here where we
put in a power outlet yeah or they kind
of made this uh column go all the way to
the ceiling uhhuh there's plumbing and
electrical back there but we think it's
only yay high so we might be able to cut
that out and then put a piece of board
on here and it's perfectly PC sized okay
if we can fit it we also need to find a
spot for our mini fridge which should
just barely fit in through the door we
should have put that in here before we I
know we measured it though it it should
fit it should fit cool now the floor is
concrete and not super comfortable so
we're going to need some padding as well
as some kind of chair to relax in now as
you can imagine it would probably get a
little stuffy in here so for ventilation
we've got an air intake in the bottom of
the stairs also pretty stealthy from the
outside and lastly we've got this Nifty
switchable film from Smart tint so that
I can uh take a peek into the lobby to
make sure the coast is clear and when I
don't want anyone to see what I'm up to
it goes basically opaque this is kind of
a lot are you sure we can pack all this
in there oh yeah absolutely okay we've
got some progress here we've got a bunch
of stuff installed everyone's been busy
we've got drawers in the back pretty
sick we've got our fan set up here for
exhaust we realized that if we did an
exhaust up there and an intake here it's
just going to come in and go out
hopefully this will have enough air
pulling through the room once we're done
so it stays a little cool we've got our
window so you can turn it on or off to
see through it lonus wants a privacy
windows we can know if anyone's coming
or not we've got our mini fridge and
then we've got a space cutout for our
computer from origin it's going to be
sick we've got a surprise waiting for
you for the end here and then finally
we're going to mount our 42 in OLED uh
display we also threw some nice softer
floor in here kind of like a gym mat we
had a bunch left over from LTX and uh we
put it to pretty good use I think
doesn't hurt your knees to walk in and
out of here anymore all right guys check
it out we've got a ton finished we have
a bunch of our RGB signs that throw off
so much more light than I was ever
expecting it's actually pretty well lit
in here we also got our 42in OLED screen
set up in here it's not put into the
wall we decided that half an inch from
the drywall wasn't really worth the
extra space savings but we did use some
French cleat to get this thing as tight
to the wall as possible and it's looking
pretty sharp nice and flush also we
managed to fit our PC from origin PC
thanks guys for sponsoring this video uh
this thing is sick but the best part
I'll get into specs but we also
made a little door for it we'll fit this
a little snugger once we're you know
done with cable management and
everything got a core Ultra 9 285k on a
motherboard from MSI our z890 P Wi-Fi 96
gigs of ddr5 RAM running at 6,400 megat
transfers per second it's got a 4090 in
it with 4 terb of SSD storage and it's
all being powered by a Corsair RM 1200X
shift 80 plus gold power supply and we
machined out this aluminum thanks
Sebastian from Creator warehouse for
helping with that we've got the big
origin logo on it pretty sick and tons
of ventilation so even though a 490 is
probably going to be kicking off a lot
of heat we should be all right as for
what's left we're just going to kind of
wrap this pipe so it looks a little
nicer we've got to obviously do a bunch
of cable management around the room um
we're going to make the tunnel a bit
better we've got some upholstered
material that we're going to put on the
back of our dishwasher door as well as
on the floor so that it doesn't kill
your knees to walk across and then you
know aside from a few more finishing
touches fill the drawers with snacks
maybe add some consoles and a bit more
decoration I think we're pretty much
ready for lonus to come check it out all
right so what we are doing is we're
taking this very nice cushion that Reese
and I made it's absolutely perfect no
flaws and we are going to attach it to
the door um we couldn't think of an
entirely great way to do this because
normally when you're doing a puler what
you want to do is you want to have your
main board at the bottom piece of foam
and then whatever you're going to be
upholstering it in however in order for
this to work we would have to screw the
board to the dishwasher first however we
then can't upholster it I'm sure there's
a way way to do this but we're running
out of time so it's getting valker to
the door
instead that was a bit rough it was a
little rough nice next we're going to
make the inside of our tunnel a little
nicer by adding some nice black dutin
we're just going to cut it to length and
then staple it around the inside all
right it's been a lot of work and a big
team effort but I think we're finally
ready to show lonus let's check it out
this looks
great
dude I've seen less profession
installations of dishwashers from actual
contractors yeah oh you know what's
funny I can feel a draft around it from
the cooling in the room you got that
positive air pressure okay so I assume
you
just oh no way we got little plushy
cushions so when you crawl in your knees
don't get hurt uhhuh you guys thought
about me that's right we upholstered
some extra firm foam oh I love this sign
keep out gamer at work I love that this
is actually the only way in and out of
this space like other hidden rooms you
can tell that they like have a wall that
moves away so that they could film it
and stuff this is the only way in and
out this is freaking
awesome oh my God
[Music]
when we set out to build this the
intention was that I would be able to
hang out in here we could get like two
or three people in here this is freaking
awesome well are you coming in or not
yeah I was
waiting
dude this is crazy and where did you dig
up the old prototype dog bed CPU thing
I've had that for like 3
years it's perfect I know I was
struggling to find a good seat and then
I was looking at it and I was like this
is it this is it this is it dude we've
got a 42in OLED with our origin PC oh
have you did you see what Sebastian no
way let me show you around the room
first there's a few things there's a few
things aside from our sick backpack hook
for the day pack which is available now
on LTT store.com we took the best
features of our original LTT backpack
and we put them in a smaller sleeker
more stylish package it's the backpack
that's built to support your day every
day and you can grab this fantastic 20 L
bag for
$149.99 at LTT store.com however for a
limited time we are offering a
never-before seen launch discount while
supplies last you can save 20% on the
commuter backpack just click through the
YouTube shopping feature on screen or
down below and your discount will be
automatically applied when you go to
check out these discounts are not going
to last long so if you want a commuter
backpack for
$120 don't wait we also got three
shelves installed dude we could have all
the consoles and games we need yeah
there's an N64 Super Nintendo and a
Nintendo up there it's not even hot in
here no like the
ventilation works we thought about
putting in you know intake and exhaust
uh and then we kind of thought that oh
it'll just like take it right take it
right out so we just put in an intake
cuz exhaust wasn't doing anything and
but it's fine no it's great yeah it's
like pretty good yeah no it's Breezy
yeah yeah yeah uh we've got our mini
fridge flip the door to the other side
so it's easy open oh we got storage
boys they're surprisingly deep way look
at how deep that goes no way I thought
we were going to do this like oh yeah to
make a video we can't remove this no we
can't remove anything right no way maybe
okay so there is some Cloud FL around
the sprinkler system we'll take the
fluff out fire fire department we know
we don't worry it's all good we got this
we got you yeah uh all the RGB signs are
at like Max Capacity in terms of power
from these power bangs if you we have to
turn them on in sequence and with
brightness lowered on some of them or
they just don't light up uh but we got
them all working there were a few more
we couldn't power on any extras this is
so cool threw some posters up put in our
sick uh origin PC oh dude dude from
origin that looks amazing right
Sebastian again cut out the metal uh
Justin helped me with basically
everything else how's the ventilation
does that is that a 4090 it's a 4090
how's the ventilation on that it seems
okay I mean look at how much space there
is and then this is all just open right
oh oh I thought this was a window okay
no no no no no this is all open it
should be fine it should be might get a
little T I mean it should be fine let's
find out let's fire it out are we
waiting for top shelf here
fact that we can stand in here oh yeah
like back when we were originally
looking at the space I did not think
that standing was going to be possible
Right but like I'm fine yeah yeah and
we're able to make use of all the
vertical space in here like this is very
very Sittin a
bow stop PL from the future here we did
a deeper dive on this crawl space
showing you how we made it things we
wish we could have gotten done and more
we're also uploading a bunch of Ivon
content head over to lmg g/f Flat plane
to see it now we got a bunch of plushies
and comfortable stuff it's very cozy got
a rug that fits almost perfectly in the
room oh yeah I didn't even notice fits
pretty great just gym mats underneath
for a nice cushiony feel how do I have
my shoes on I'm being yeah you got this
is a shoes free zone I got socks got
socks on get the shoes out of here get
out your shoes I threw a sleeping bag in
the bottom drawer on the right right
just you know just in
case it is a matter of time for someone
until I actually come hide down here you
know Wireless peripherals we've got our
headphones we got a headphone hook for
them you guys absolutely outdid
yourselves thanks I was a little worried
there you know if we had more time
there's a few things we'd like to do a
bit better don't even out did really
happy with how the pipe Cloud turned out
Justin put all that up dude it looks
amazing it looks really good that was
the ugliest part of the room easily this
was my brainchild and I was like look I
I don't know any of the specifics but I
always wanted to do something with like
those windows that you apply voltage to
them and they go opaque or they go clear
yep so this is our peephole so we can
see if anyone's like looking for us or
whatever so how does it how does it work
there's a switch up there I think it's
the black one uh-huh this guy right here
yeah and essentially oh no way and it's
powered on when you send voltage through
the film it turns clear and then when
you switch it
off it's opaque dude and from the other
side I saw it already it's like it just
looks like a little thing on the wall so
it wouldn't draw anybody's attention it
was Alex Dick's idea I think to put
extra pictures of other LTT store
products up because it kind of looks
like a square of PTM
7950 and then we had to we had to put
the do flap up because the RGB was
shining like pink and purple and blue
and stuff that's hilarious but it works
great I me oh my god it works awesome
like you could oh jeez it's Elijah the
fans were just using a vent under the
stairs and you can actually buy like
these powered vents that help your own
uh home heating system but we had you
know we had to use 120 mil fans so we
just threw four of them up wired them to
some power and away they go and we got a
nice breeze in here this is actually
usable oh yeah like this is clearly not
just like yeah we threw it together for
the shot and that's it actual thought
went into this I freaking love it it
took a lot of work it was a huge team
effort props to everyone else on the
team um yeah a little garbage would be
nice for the few rappers or whatever you
might have there's space there's that's
the thing that we were most astounded by
once we were all done we were like
there's a lot of room well we got a nice
flat mount for the TV what did we use
for that we went with the French cleat m
just like a proor screen yeah we wanted
to sink it into the wall but we realized
we'd only get like a half inch right
there and it's yeah this is why we have
so much space it's tot that that was a
stroke of Genius cutting out this pillar
and then making a spot for the computer
there I love that because if we had to
have the computer like obviously when
you've got a 4090 origin can only make
it so small right to have enough cooling
it would have taken up a bunch of our
floor space but instead
it took up zero of our effective
space this looks awesome this is what a
42inch display yeah looks great right
even at 1440p just OLED looks so good
what more could you ask for I could ask
for you to not bother me and tell me we
have to leave here and go film other
stuff this guy he's like yeah you can do
one more game and then we have to go
film the rest of the
video okay I thought the whole point of
this was that I can
hide it was a mistake having the writing
team make the room because now that
means they know about it yeah at this
point I'm going to hide I'll be the one
hiding honestly everyone I've talked to
who's like come in here they're like I
could totally bring my laptop in here
and just start working for a little
while yeah just
Vibe uh oh we should close we should
close the door oh we should close the
door oh we haven't even shown how we
close the door there's a pole there's a
pull cord so you can actually close it
behind you and it's completely stealthy
did you notice that
oh it's from all the way over here
ethernet
C oh tape to tape let's go get out of
here go on go go on get go on go on get
no way how'd that not go in I don't know
dude this space is incredible massive
shout out to origin PC for making this
video happen uh if you guys pick up An
Origin PC one of the biggest benefits is
of course their lifetime technical
support on their systems you guys can
check them out at the the link in the
video
description get out of here oh the
preeptive boom let's go theose that was
close he's off the post let got this oh
wow let's go Rory mchy with the goal if
you guys enjoyed this video wow we've
never done anything like this so why
don't I just throw you instead to
another video that origin sponsored when
we took one of their systems dumped a
can of Coke down it while it was running
and managed to still get all the parts
working it was pretty wild